README.md, before:

## Xin chào, my name is Duong Mai (Eric)  
🎓 Computer Science major at the University of South Florida (USF) - Expected Graduation: May 2026

🔬 I research AI & Healthcare, focusing on **medical imaging**, **multi-modal learning (video & sound)**, and **Research Interface**

![Location](https://img.shields.io/badge/Location-Tampa%2C%20FL-green)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-mai247@usf.edu-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=ffffff)](mailto:mai247@usf.edu)
[![Personal Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-https%3A%2F%2Fduongmai127.github.io%2F-blue)](https://duongmai127.github.io/)
![Special](https://img.shields.io/badge/Currently-Looking%20for%20PhD-green?style=social)


---

### ✨ Featured Work

- 📊 **AI & Medical Imaging** – Developed noise-augmented models for COVID-19 chest X-ray classification in out-of-distribution (OOD) settings; meta-analysis of Invariant Risk Minimization on colored MNIST
- 🩻 **MAI-CARE Contributor** – Working on UI/UX, data preprocessing, and explainability module integration of the [Moffitt AI Interface for Cancer research (MAI-CARE)](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36716497/)
- 📷 **Neonatal Pain Detection** – Working on multi-modal (video & sound) learning for pain assessment in newborns

**Affiliations:** 
- Research Assistant, Dr. [Lawrence Hall](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=AKHplAUAAAAJ&hl=en), USF
- REU student, [Robot Perception and Action Lab](https://rpal.cse.usf.edu/project_neonatal_pain/), Dr. [Yu Sun](https://cse.usf.edu/~yusun/), USF
- Research Trainee, [Machine Learning Dept.](https://lab.moffitt.org/elnaqa/), Dr. [Issam El Naqa](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9Vdfc2sAAAAJ&hl=en), Moffitt Cancer Center
- Student, [CRA UR2PhD program](https://cra.org/ur2phd/for-undergraduate-students/)

**Under the radar (quite so)...**
- RISE-MICCAI LISA 2025 challenge
- Preprint Under Review at SPIE Medical Imaging 2026: Computer-Aided Diagnosis (will reveal later...)

---

### ⚡ Fun facts
- Our team won 3rd place on the [Emory Health AI Bias Datathon 2024](https://datathon.org/):) This year, I'm excited to join the Datathon again!
- I flew all the way (~616 miles) from Tampa, FL to Nashville, TN to join the [Vanderbilt AI Summer School 2025](https://www.vanderbilt.edu/valiant/ai-summer-school-2025/)
- I am a fan of Omniscient Reader Viewpoint (ORV), the novel, ~~Live Action~~

---

### 🧰 Toolbox
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,git,github,docker,linux,vscode,md&theme=light&perline=8" />

---

### 📬 Connect with me
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-mai247@usf.edu-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=ffffff)](mailto:mai247@usf.edu)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/duongmai127/)


<!--
**ElyssaMcMaster/ElyssaMcMaster** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
!!!
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with news on manuscript and RISE-MICCAI
Added updates about manuscript acceptance and new program participation.

README.md, after:

## Xin chào, my name is Duong Mai (Eric)  
🎓 Computer Science major at the University of South Florida (USF) - Expected Graduation: May 2026

🔬 I research AI & Healthcare, focusing on **medical imaging**, **multi-modal learning (video & sound)**, and **Research Interface**

![Location](https://img.shields.io/badge/Location-Tampa%2C%20FL-green)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-mai247@usf.edu-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=ffffff)](mailto:mai247@usf.edu)
[![Personal Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-https%3A%2F%2Fduongmai127.github.io%2F-blue)](https://duongmai127.github.io/)
![Special](https://img.shields.io/badge/Currently-Looking%20for%20PhD-green?style=social)


---

### ✨ Featured Work

- 📊 **AI & Medical Imaging** – Developed noise-augmented models for COVID-19 chest X-ray classification in out-of-distribution (OOD) settings; meta-analysis of Invariant Risk Minimization on colored MNIST
- 🩻 **MAI-CARE Contributor** – Working on UI/UX, data preprocessing, and explainability module integration of the [Moffitt AI Interface for Cancer research (MAI-CARE)](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36716497/)
- 📷 **Neonatal Pain Detection** – Working on multi-modal (video & sound) learning for pain assessment in newborns

**Affiliations:** 
- Research Assistant, Dr. [Lawrence Hall](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=AKHplAUAAAAJ&hl=en), USF
- REU student, [Robot Perception and Action Lab](https://rpal.cse.usf.edu/project_neonatal_pain/), Dr. [Yu Sun](https://cse.usf.edu/~yusun/), USF
- Research Trainee, [Machine Learning Dept.](https://lab.moffitt.org/elnaqa/), Dr. [Issam El Naqa](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9Vdfc2sAAAAJ&hl=en), Moffitt Cancer Center
- Student, [CRA UR2PhD program](https://cra.org/ur2phd/for-undergraduate-students/)

**Exciting news**
- Our maunscript, [Noise Injection: Improving Out-of-Distribution Generalization for Limited Size Datasets](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2511.03855) , has been accepted at SPIE Medical Imaging 2026: Computer-Aided Diagnosis. It is scheduled for an oral presentation on February 16th in Vancouver, BC. If you will attend SPIE Medical Imaging 2026, I look forward to connecting with you:)
- I am accepted to RISE-MICCAI 2026 program where I will be working on domain adaptation algorithms to mitigate distributional shift from higher-resource to resource-constrained environments

**Under the radar (quite so)...**
- A real-time multimodal neonatal pain monitoring system prototype...
- A secret project on dissecting embeddings for out-of-distribution generalization

---

### ⚡ Fun facts
- Our team won 3rd place on the [Emory Health AI Bias Datathon 2024](https://datathon.org/):) This year, I'm excited to join the Datathon again!
- I flew all the way (~616 miles) from Tampa, FL to Nashville, TN to join the [Vanderbilt AI Summer School 2025](https://www.vanderbilt.edu/valiant/ai-summer-school-2025/)
- I am a fan of Omniscient Reader Viewpoint (ORV), the novel, ~~Live Action~~

---

### 🧰 Toolbox
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,git,github,docker,linux,vscode,md&theme=light&perline=8" />

---

### 📬 Connect with me
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-mai247@usf.edu-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=ffffff)](mailto:mai247@usf.edu)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-cfa5b0?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/duongmai127/)


<!--
**ElyssaMcMaster/ElyssaMcMaster** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
!!!
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
